# ABOUT RØDDI

Røddi is a website that aims to make the settlement of estates easier. All a member needs to do to start using the application is to register. An administrator will create the estate, enter all items with a photo, title and description, and add all participants. When a participant logs in and clicks on the estate, they will get an overview of all items. A participant can categorize each item with *distribute*, *throw*, or *wanted*. If they categorize items as *wanted*, they must rate how much they want the item on a scale of one to five stars. If several people want the same items, it may be granted to the user who desires it the *most*.

All participants in the estate can categorize each individual item regardless of how the other participants have categorized them. For example, participant A can vote *throw*, while participant B can vote for *distribute* or *wanted*. Both *distribute* and *wanted* will always trump *throw*. A participant can also see what the other participants have voted for.

Røddi is intended to be a kind of interpersonal link that aims to **facilitate** the settlement of estates. The website intends to provide a **neat overview** where all participants can communicate their opinions and wishes. In other words, human conversation and agreements are still required for the actual distribution of the items. For example, if participants want a item equally much, it is expected that the conflict be resolved between these participants. Røddi is thus a tool that will **reduce the number of conflicts** by including everyone and clarifying what must be discussed/agreed upon, and what must not.

As the administrator of the website, you can create an estate, add participants and assets with title, image and description. The admin may also delete assets and members from the estate. One can also see what all participants have voted on each item. If the administrator believes that it is time for the participants to complete the voting, he or she may send a message to all participants via the website. Once all participants have voted on all properties, the estate is completed. At this point, the distribution and possible resolution of conflicts on a human level will begin. The administrator can also see statistics for the use of the website, which include the number of users and estates, both in total and new in the last week.
